Rewrite effects documentation (#1169)
flame-engine/flame: doc/effects.md

    removed from the game tree and garbage-collected once the effect completes. Set this to false
    if you plan to reuse the effect after it is finished.

  - The `reset()` method reverts the effect to its original state, allowing it to run once again.

### `MoveEffect.by`

This effect applies to a `PositionComponent` and shifts it by a prescribed `offset` amount. This
offset is relative to the current position of the target:

```dart
final effect = MoveEffect.by(Vector2(0, -10), EffectController(duration: 0.5));
```

If the component is currently at `Vector2(250, 200)`, then at the end of the effect its position
will be `Vector2(250, 190)`.

Multiple move effects can be applied to a component at the same time. The result will be the
superposition of all the individual effects.

### `MoveEffect.to`

This effect moves a `PositionComponent` from its current position to the specified destination
point in a straight line.

```dart
final effect = MoveEffect.to(Vector2(100, 500), EffectController(duration: 3));
```

It is possible, but not recommended to attach multiple such effects to the same component.

### `MoveEffect.along`

> This effect moves a `PositionComponent` along the specified path relative to the component's

Author: Yes, I was thinking about that too. Should be as easy as setting the component's position to zero in the `onStart` callback.

For your second comment, I don't quite follow. In the old MoveEffect we had a list of waypoints. In the current system we have a simple `Path` object that encapsulates your movement trajectory. Now, any Path already starts at zero, so there is no need to add extra steps:
```dart
Path() ..lineTo(10,10) ..lineTo(20,0) ..lineTo(10,-10) ..close();
```

However, adding an extra `moveTo(300, 100)` at the start will be needed for an "absolute" path.

> This effect moves a `PositionComponent` along the specified path relative to the component's

Author: For absolute paths, see #1172

current position. The path can have non-linear segments, but must be singly connected. It is
recommended to start a path at `Vector2.zero()` in order to avoid sudden jumps in the component's
position.

```dart
final effect = MoveEffect.along(
  Path() ..quadraticBezierTo(100, 0, 50, -50),
  EffectController(duration: 1.5)
);
```

### `RotateEffect.by`

Rotates the target clockwise by the specified angle relative to its current orientation. The angle
is in radians. For example, the following effect will rotate the target 90º clockwise:

```dart

> final effect = RotateEffect.by(tau/4, EffectController(2));

Author: i've added a link

```

### `RotateEffect.to`

Rotates the target clockwise to the specified azimuth. For example, the following will rotate the

> target to look east (0º is north, 90º east, 180º south, and 270º west):

Author: done

```dart
final effect = RotateEffect.to(tau/4, EffectController(2));
```

### `ScaleEffect.by`

This effect will change the target's scale by the specified amount. For example, this will cause
the component to grow 50% larger:

```dart
final effect = ScaleEffect.by(Vector2.all(1.5), EffectController(0.3));
```

### `ScaleEffect.to`

This effect works similar to `ScaleEffect.by`, but sets the absolute value of the target's scale.

```dart
final effect = ScaleEffect.to(Vector2.zero(), EffectController(0.5));
```

### `SizeEffect.by`

This effect will change the size of the target component, relative to its current size. For example,
if the target has size `Vector2(100, 100)`, then after the following effect is applied and runs its
course, the new size will be `Vector2(120, 50)`:

```dart
final effect = SizeEffect.by(Vector2(20, -50), EffectController(1));
```

The size of a `PositionComponent` cannot be negative. If an effect attempts to set the size to a
negative value, the size will be clamped at zero.

> Note that for many components that have size, it is intended as an immutable property. Changing the

Author: Ok, I'll re-word this.

> Note that for many components that have size, it is intended as an immutable property. Changing the

Author: Not sure what't the use case for changing the size without affecting the children?
I wonder if this effect should be triggering the `onResize()` event on its target.

> Note that for many components that have size, it is intended as an immutable property. Changing the

Reviewer: Say that you want your player to grow, but not it's weapons for example.

> Note that for many components that have size, it is intended as an immutable property. Changing the

Reviewer: >  I wonder if this effect should be triggering the onResize() event on its target.

There is not `onResize`, only `onGameResize` and that is only triggered when the canvas changes size.

size of such components may have undesirable effects. In such cases use `ScaleEffect.by` instead.

### `SizeEffect.to`

Changes the size of the target component to the specified size. Target size cannot be negative:

```dart
final effect = SizeEffect.to(Vector2(120, 120), EffectController(1));
```

### `OpacityEffect`

This effect will change over time the opacity of the target to the specified alpha-value. Currently
this effect can only be applied to components that have a `HasPaint` mixin. If the target component
uses multiple paints, the effect can target any individual color using the `paintId` parameter.

```dart
final effect = OpacityEffect.to(0.5, EffectController(0.75));
```

The opacity value of 0 corresponds to a fully transparent component, and the opacity value of 1 is
fully opaque. Convenience constructors `OpacityEffect.fadeOut()` and `OpacityEffect.fadeIn()` will
animate the target into full transparency / full visibility respectively.

> 

Author: My thinking is that we have 1 blank line between paragraphs, so we need to have 2 lines between sections in order to make the structure more visible. If not, it's hard to see section boundaries among the paragraphs.

This is similar to how in HTML we have larger margins around the `<h2>` / `<h3>` elements compared to the margins between the paragraphs.

> 

Reviewer: Sounds good, we should be consistent with it in all the docs then though.

without interfering with each other.

## Effect controllers

### `EffectController`

The base `EffectController` class provides a factory constructor capable of creating a variety of
common controllers. The syntax of the constructor is the following:

```dart
EffectController({
    required double duration,
    Curve curve = Curves.linear,
    double? reverseDuration,
    Curve? reverseCurve,
    bool alternate = false,
    double atMaxDuration = 0.0,
    double atMinDuration = 0.0,
    int? repeatCount,
    bool infinite = false,
    double startDelay = 0.0,
});
```

- **`duration`** -- the length of the main part of the effect, i.e. how long it should take to go
  from 0 to 100%. This parameter cannot be negative, but can be zero. If this is the only parameter
  specified then the effect will grow linearly over the `duration` seconds.

- **`curve`** -- if given, creates a non-linear effect that grows from 0 to 100% according to the
  provided [curve](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/animation/Curves-class.html).

- **`reverseDuration`** -- if provided, adds an additional step to the controller: after the effect

>   has had grown from 0 to 100% over the `duration` seconds, it will then grow back from 100% to 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  has grown from 0 to 100% over the `duration` seconds, it will then go backwards from 100% to 0
```

  completed.

- **`atMinDuration`** -- if non-zero, this inserts a pause after the reaches its lowest progress
  (0) at the end of the reverse stage. During this time, the effect's progress is at 0%. If there
  is no reverse stage, then this pause will still be inserted after the "at-max" pause if it's
  present, or after the forward stage otherwise. In addition, the effect will now complete at
  progress level of 0.

- **`repeatCount`** -- if greater than one, it will cause the effect to repeat itself the prescribed
  number of times. Each iteration will consists of the forward stage, pause at max, reverse stage,
  then pause at min (skipping those that were not specified).

- **`infinite`** -- if true, the effect will repeat infinitely and never reach completion. This is
  equivalent to as if `repeatCount` was set to infinity.
  
- **`startDelay`** -- an additional wait time inserted before the beginning of the effect. This
  wait time is executed only once, even if the effect is repeating. During this time the effect's
  `.started` property returns false. The effect's `onStart()` callback will be executed at the end
  of this waiting period.

>   Using this parameter is the simplest way to create a chain of effects that execute one after

Reviewer: Isn't it simpler to chain them in `onComplete`, since you don't have to think about the timings then? At least when the effects aren't alternating, depending on how you want your chain to act.

Author: It might be a matter of preference. For me, adding several effects each with a different delay sounds like the simplest way to chain them (other than a `SequenceEffect`). Adding new effects in the `onComplete` callback is an alternative solution, that sounds more complicated to me (the code becomes nested deeper), but on the other hand it avoids arithmetics with the durations. Using the delays has an additional advantage that you can make the effects overlap if necessary, which is not possible with other solutions.

Given that we still haven't implemented `SequenceEffect`, or the `onComplete` as an explicit parameter, I'd say we can leave this sentence as-is.

  another (or with an overlap).

> The effect controller returned by this factory constructor will be composited of multiple simpler

Reviewer: TIL, I think we have used `composed` wrong in the rest of the docs, it should actually be `composited` like here.

In addition to the factory constructor, the `EffectController` class defines a number of properties
common for all effect controllers. These properties are:

- `.started` -- true if the effect has already started. For most effect controllers this property
  is always true. The only exception is the `DelayedEffectController` which returns false while the
  effect is in the waiting stage.

- `.completed` -- becomes true when the effect controller finishes execution.

- `.progress` -- current value of the effect controller, a floating-point value from 0 to 1. This
  variable is the main "output" value of an effect controller.

- `.duration` -- total duration of the effect, or `null` if the duration cannot be determined (for
  example if the duration is random or infinite).

### `LinearEffectController`

This is the simplest effect controller that grows linearly from 0 to 1 over the specified
`duration`:

```dart
final ec = LinearEffectController(3);
```

### `ReverseLinearEffectController`

Similar to the `LinearEffectController`, but it goes in the opposite direction and grows linearly
from 1 to 0 over the specified duration:

```dart

> final ec = ReverseLinearEffectController(1);

Reviewer: I don't think you need the `final ec = ` part, since the variable isn't used or referred to?

Author: If I remove that part, Android Studio starts complaining that it is not a valid dart code:
<img width="398" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-06 at 10 38 39 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4231472/144902999-b41c57d6-bfe9-49e6-9025-e110cca26459.png">

With the variable assignment Android Studio is happy:
<img width="479" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-06 at 10 39 57 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4231472/144903167-be70cc3d-9461-4219-9aa3-95d87d4c813f.png">
